that I both not in super so yeah don't
really know to expect and they both have
new life and they're both gonna go and
have the high damage and low health so
oh my god it's like first strike right
now because its first strike for you
just put all white oh my I don't think
of oh my gosh going in right now Oh bus
cross up for what it's worth let's even
get the momentum shifted punish oh we
fucked up to too far too far and young
is too short I hate have twins they just
don't get hit by something they have so
much advantages like the hip-hop sort of
small it gets real shit out of them is
they're really fast yeah it have a lot
of a lot going for them he comes back
Dharma dogs all my trying to keep some
pressure with those I think that's out
oh nice links tell pores that shit
that's out of course no good you got to
be careful using that Oh kicking around
a contagion this is definitely gonna
hurt wow I think I drops it are we gonna
get random right here what was seen oh
sure oh he's fucking old earlier at
least you got some damaging that's it
politics that's Alma stayin alive I mean
I gotta commend drama for you know
really good taking such a risk I going
with a character that has such low
health and he doesn't have experience
with that is I mean this he's used to it
I mean akuma user he knows what it's
like to not be able to take hits or that
actually that's a pretty good damage I
go yeah you really stop condemning up 40
fake palm nothing after the command
throw I don't match the poker character
was anticipated shoulder odds punishment
sidekick is the fireball I'm really
curious to see how evil reels going to
turn out because I know we had a motor
running fuck he got some funky armor
good shit dark armor he's an X Factor
read look at him yeah he's definitely
expected right he's x factor gamma has
some good norm I mean I evil ryu has a
good normal man is most honest like it's
basically like oh just like reuse but it
has a little bit more range yeah so and
then be you kick he's got a good ass
hitbox yeah it's go me to pick is slower
at southern France but it's like it
affects the third strike one so it has
really really long range yeah marne
thick and heavy I think hype is
happening right the fuck now yeah I
really feel like he's about our crazy
with Dudley right now okay but I would
it why he's gonna happen since you
played Dudley what if the vehicle he
blows up Dudley with a coma oh really
i'm not but i am not nearly as as not
caring as Mark I don't say random
because it's not only random as well
just do things because he thinks it's
gonna work and we know how Martin Martin
is like smiling them but he knows he
knows knows what not to do what to do oh
he definitely had the experience he does
it
oh all right there what I guess serious
fuck up he knows not to tahoe no fucks
up push oh oh well is he did you today
oh it stunned him kill the noise that
was dark omens round right there nice
way to turn it around let it go yeah a
little bit drop the ball on that one
pharma it would not be unwise for Garth
if he loses his master swish to akuma
because he definitely his options
against Dudley are really good he'd let
us good walkies now he's moving around
when he plays he's extremely lockdown
but you know he's using his missiles
just as the Justice mother working sweep
Oh contribution in every yeah you know
what you know what's one thing that's
really good about evil ruse gotcha
medium kick yeah I think even at max
range the fact that it moves his body
forward yeah max range it will always
connect at the bar that is not a link
anymore by the way that's too slow he's
hanging used to that oh just over the
focus jumping right back meeting the
spacing oh I could have been real bad
right there going in at the moon i love
gonna head over head you gotta be
patient right now you gotta be careful
okay dumby hurts oh nice nice nice
so I want showing a little bit what evil
ryu can do this is just a preview of our
fucking Armor baby ducky under that
fireball focusing right now I'm trying
to pull some ultra Dharma usually the
little boy very smart he's kind of just
kind of playing it safe always jumping
jumping bean sequence which is hip on
Adam range put some links into from the
Roundhouse focuses only stunned as a lot
of hits I was gonna kill you help
validus scales that be careful the reset
though oh oh shit all my fucking guys
going pray hard turned it on I think he
only took tip damage that whole round
now I wasn't shit down as yours is a hit
a little bit his little bit history his
and they all add up he opened them up
own arm like crazy i would i would not
be surprised to see Akuma let's see what
I will not be surprised to hear staying
with them oh you guys said close gun
okay okay I respect that I don't know
the smartest choice but I mean he knows
the pregnant man shit did not she I
Jessica respected I respect whinnies
burlap
I mean he didn't do too bad the first
round but he does all the last round so
yeah he got locked down Eddie's not
teleporting cuz either he knows our
heretofore this really ass Oh checking
that shit tech he's down again he's
gotta get a knockdown makita feeding
Dudley is knocking him down spatium is
it really that good because it confirms
my might that's right Lizzie I'm
actually using the eh duck hang teleport
away no I'm just select our fun jet
machining a little hot weather Oh does
it we have a bar Bubba ray here take the
throws throw that fear Sally's nobody's
business oh yes Rossi he doesn't know
how to handle the fierce if he was a
cooling he would know well what would he
be doing at the coma that would make it
any different i'm pretty sure that like
crushing me and Kiki under maybe three
weeks nice horse sweep them push the
cover e 0 overhead oh just press the
buttons on the get-go mr. Lake overhead
around how's the duck that's it that's
it that's it
holy Thunder
even real has some potential but he
hasn't quite cut it yet yeah yeah yeah
there's a lack of knowledge or anything
though I do commit a chip